doc: net: Enhance network configuration library documentation (#13516)
zephyrproject-rtos/zephyr: doc/reference/networking/net_config.rst

.. _net_config_interface:

Network Configuration Library
#############################

Overview
********

> The network configuration library can be used to setup the device in

Author: Indeed, much better

semi-automatic way when it is booted. The user just needs to setup
various Kconfig options and the config library tries to setup the
device accordingly.

The following Kconfig options affect how configuration library will
setup the system.

.. csv-table:: Kconfig options for network configuration library
   :header: "Option name", "Description"
   :widths: auto

>    "CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_SETTINGS", "This option controls whether the network

Reviewer: It would be good to have all these references to Kconfig options as links to their documentation...
```suggestion
   ":option:`CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_SETTINGS`", "This option controls whether the network
```

Author: Very true, I missed this one.

   system is configured or initialized at all. If not set, then the config
   library is not used for initialization and the application needs to do all
   the network related configuration itself. If this option is set,

>    then optionally user can configure static IP addresses to be set to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   then the user can optionally configure static IP addresses to be set to the
```

   first network interface in the system. Typically setting static IP addresses
   is only usable in testing and should not be used in production code. See

>    the config library Kconfig file for specific options to set the static IP

Reviewer: Can you provide a reference to this Kconfig file name ( is it ``subsys/net/lib/config/Kconfig``)?

Author: yes, that is the file, I will add ref to it

   "CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_NEED_IPV4", "The network application needs IPv4 support
   to function properly. This option makes sure the network application is
   initialized properly in order to use IPv4.
   If :option:`CONFIG_NET_IPV4` is not enabled, then setting this option will
   automatically enable IPv4."
   "CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_NEED_IPV6", "The network application needs IPv6 support
   to function properly. This option makes sure the network application is
   initialized properly in order to use IPv6.
   If :option:`CONFIG_NET_IPV6` is not enabled, then setting this option will
   automatically enable IPv6."
   "CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_NEED_IPV6_ROUTER", "If IPv6 is enabled, then this option
   tells that the network application needs IPv6 router to exists before
   continuing. This means in practice that the application wants to wait until
   it receives IPv6 router advertisement message before continuing."
   "CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_BT_NODE", "Enables application to operate in Bluetooth
   node mode which requires GATT service to be registered and start advertising
   as peripheral."

Sample usage
************

If :option:`CONFIG_NET_CONFIG_AUTO_INIT` is set, then the configuration library

> is automatically enabled and run during the device boot. The library will

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is automatically enabled and run during the device boot. In this case, the library will
```

call ``net_config_init()`` automatically and the application does not need to do

> anything regarding the network configuration in this case.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
any network configuration.
```

> If you do want to use the network configuration library but not want to this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you want to use the network configuration library without
```
